clarify the front panel widgets compatibility (#746)
MicroEJ/docs: VEEPortingGuide/uiReleaseNotes.rst

Front Panel API
===============

> According to the MicroEJ UI Pack fetched in the VEE Port configuration project, the Front Panel project must fetch the compatible widgets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Front Panel project must fetch the widgets compatible with the MicroEJ UI Pack fetched in the VEE Port configuration project.
```

> * Before MicroEJ UI Pack ``12.0.0``, the Front Panel project must depend on classpath variable ``FRONTPANEL_WIDGETS_HOME``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before MicroEJ UI Pack ``12.0.0``, the Front Panel project must depend on the classpath variable ``FRONTPANEL_WIDGETS_HOME``.
```

* For the UI Packs ``12.x.x``, the Front Panel project must fetch the module `ej.tool.frontpanel.widget-microui`_.

> * Since MicroEJ UI Pack ``13.0.0``, the Front Panel project must depend on module `com.microej.pack.ui.ui-pack(frontpanel)`_ (the module version is the MicroEJ Generic UI Pack version, that is always aligned with the MicroEJ UI Packs specific for MCUs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Since MicroEJ UI Pack ``13.0.0``, the Front Panel project must depend on the module `com.microej.pack.ui.ui-pack(frontpanel)`_ (the module version is the MicroEJ Generic UI Pack version, that is always aligned with the MicroEJ UI Packs specific for MCUs).
```

+-----------------+--------------------------------------------+-----------------+
| UI Pack Range   | Module                                     | Version         |
+=================+============================================+=================+
| [13.0.0-13.6.2] | `com.microej.pack.ui.ui-pack(frontpanel)`_ | [13.0.0-13.6.2] |
+-----------------+--------------------------------------------+-----------------+
| [12.0.0-12.1.5] | `ej.tool.frontpanel.widget-microui`_       | 1.0.0           |
+-----------------+--------------------------------------------+-----------------+
| [6.0.0-11.2.0]  | n/a                                        | n/a             |
+-----------------+--------------------------------------------+-----------------+

The widget module `ej.tool.frontpanel#widget`_ provides some widgets compatible with the Graphics Engine.
This module fetches by transitivity the module `com.microej.pack.ui.ui-pack(frontpanel)`_. 

> When the Front Panel project does not require / does not use the latest Front Panel UI API, it can only fetch the widget module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Front Panel project does not require/use the latest Front Panel UI API, it can only fetch the widget module.
```

.. note:: This module has been moved from the MicroEJ `Central`_ Repository to the MicroEJ `Developer`_ Repository.   

+---------------------+-----------------------------+--------------+
| Widget Module Range | UI Pack Compatibility Range | Repository   |
+=====================+=============================+==============+
| 3.0.0               | [13.5.1-10-13.6.2]          | `Developer`_ |
+---------------------+-----------------------------+--------------+
| 2.2.0               | [13.1.0-13.6.2]             | `Developer`_ |
+---------------------+-----------------------------+--------------+
| [2.1.0-2.1.1]       | [13.1.0-13.6.2]             | `Central`_   |
+---------------------+-----------------------------+--------------+
| 2.0.0               | [13.0.0-13.6.2]             | `Central`_   |
+---------------------+-----------------------------+--------------+
| 1.0.1               | [12.0.0-12.1.5]             | `Developer`_ |
+---------------------+-----------------------------+--------------+

> To use the latest functionalities provided by the UI Pack ``13.0.0`` and higher, the Front Panel project must depend on the same version of the UI Pack than the VEE Port configuration project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the latest functionalities provided by the UI Pack ``13.0.0`` and higher, the Front Panel project must depend on the same version of the UI Pack as the VEE Port configuration project.
```

> However, if the Front Panel project does not require / does not use the latest Front Panel UI API, it can fetch an older version of the UI Pack than the version fetched in the VEE Port configuration project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if the Front Panel project does not require/use the latest Front Panel UI API, it can fetch an older version of the UI Pack than the version fetched in the VEE Port configuration project.
```

> However, if the Front Panel project does not require / does not use the latest Front Panel UI API, it can fetch an older version of the UI Pack than the version fetched in the VEE Port configuration project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if the Front Panel project does not require / does not use the latest Front Panel UI API, it can fetch a version of the UI Pack older than the version fetched in the VEE Port configuration project.
```
